README.md, before:

<!-- TITLE -->
<p align="center">
  <img width="100px" src="https://github.com/celo-org/celo-composer/blob/main/images/readme/celo_isotype.svg" align="center" alt="Celo" />
 <h2 align="center">Celo Composer</h2>
 <p align="center">Build, deploy, and iterate quickly on decentralized applications using Celo.</p>
</p>
  <p align="center">
    <a href="https://github.com/celo-org/celo-composer/graphs/stars">
      <img alt="GitHub Contributors" src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/celo-org/celo-composer?color=FCFF52" />
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/celo-org/celo-composer/graphs/contributors">
      <img alt="GitHub Contributors" src="https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/celo-org/celo-composer?color=E7E3D4" />
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/celo-org/celo-composer/issues">
      <img alt="Issues" src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/celo-org/celo-composer?color=E7E3D4" />
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/celo-org/celo-composer/pulls">
      <img alt="GitHub pull requests" src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/celo-org/celo-composer?color=E7E3D4" />
    </a>
    <a href="https://opensource.org/license/mit/">
      <img alt="MIT License" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg" />
    </a>
  </p>
</p>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

<details>
  <summary>Table of Contents</summary>
  <ol>
    <li>
      <a href="#about-the-project">About The Project</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#built-with">Built With</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#prerequisites">Prerequisites</a></li>
        <li><a href="#installation">Installation</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li><a href="#usage">Usage</a></li>
    <li><a href="#roadmap">Roadmap</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contributing">Contributing</a></li>
    <li><a href="#license">License</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contact">Contact</a></li>
    <li><a href="#acknowledgments">Acknowledgments</a></li>
  </ol>
</details>

<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->

## About The Project

Celo Composer allows you to quickly build, deploy, and iterate on decentralized applications using Celo. It provides a number of frameworks, examples, and Celo specific functionality to help you get started with your next dApp.

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>

## Built With

Celo Composer is built on Celo to make it simple to build dApps using a variety of front-end frameworks, and libraries.

- [Celo](https://celo.org/)
- [Solidity](https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/v0.8.19/)
- [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/)
- [React.js](https://reactjs.org/)
- [viem](https://viem.sh/)
- [Hardhat](https://hardhat.org/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## Prerequisites

- Node (v20 or higher)
- Git (v2.38 or higher)

## How to use Celo Composer

The easiest way to start with Celo Composer is using `@celo/celo-composer`. This CLI tool lets you quickly start building dApps on Celo, including several templates. To get started, just run the following command, and follow the steps:

- Step 1

```bash
npx @celo/celo-composer@latest create
```

- Step 2: Provide the Project Name: You will be prompted to enter the name of your project.

```text
What is your project name: 
```

- Step 3: Choose to Use Hardhat: You will be asked if you want to use Hardhat. Select Yes or No.

```text
Do you want to use Hardhat? (Y/n)
```

- Step 4: Choose to Use a Template: You will be asked if you want to use a template. Select `Yes` or `No`.

```text
Do you want to use a template?
```

- Step 5: Select a Template: If you chose to use a template, you will be prompted to select a template from the list provided.

```text
- Minipay
- Valora
- Social Connect
```

- Step 6: Provide the Project Owner's Name: You will be asked to enter the project owner's name.

```text
Project Owner name:
```

- Step 7: Wait for Project Creation: The CLI will now create the project based on your inputs. This may take a few minutes.

- Step 8: Follow the instructions to start the project. The same will be displayed on the console after the project is created.

```text
🚀 Your starter project has been successfully created!

Before you start the project, please follow these steps:

1. Rename the file:
   packages/react-app/.env.template
   to
   packages/react-app/.env

2. Open the newly renamed .env file and add all the required environment variables.

Once you've done that, you're all set to start your project!

Run the following commands from the packages/react-app folder to start the project:

   yarn install
   yarn dev

If you prefer npm, you can run:

   npm install
   npm run dev

Thank you for using Celo Composer! If you have any questions or need further assistance, please refer to the README or reach out to our team.
```

**_🔥Voila, you have a dApp ready to go. Start building your dApp on Celo._**

### Getting started

Once your custom dApp has been created, just install dependencies, either with `yarn` or `npm i`, and run the respective script from the `package.json` file.

## Supported Frameworks

### React / Nextjs

- Support for Website and Progressive Web Application.
- Works with all major crypto wallets.

Check [nextjs docs](https://nextjs.org/docs) to learn more about it.

### Hardhat

- Robust framework for building and testing smart contracts.
- Compatible with various Ethereum development tools and plugins.

Check [hardhat docs](https://hardhat.org/hardhat-runner/docs/getting-started) to learn more about it.

## Supported Templates

### Minipay

- Pre-built template for creating a mini-payment application.
- Seamless integration with Celo blockchain for handling payments.

Checkout [minipay docs](https://docs.celo.org/developer/build-on-minipay/overview) to learn more about it.

### Valora

- Template designed for Valora wallet integration.
- Facilitates easy wallet connectivity and transaction management.

Checkout [valora docs](https://docs.valora.xyz/) to learn more about it.

### Social Connect

- Template for building applications with social connectivity features.
- Supports various social login methods and user interactions.

Checkout [social connect docs](https://github.com/celo-org/social-connect) to learn more about it.

<!-- USAGE EXAMPLES -->

## 🔭 Learning Solidity

📕 Read the docs: <https://docs.soliditylang.org>

- [Primitive Data Types](https://solidity-by-example.org/primitives/)
- [Mappings](https://solidity-by-example.org/mapping/)
- [Structs](https://solidity-by-example.org/structs/)
- [Modifiers](https://solidity-by-example.org/function-modifier/)
- [Events](https://solidity-by-example.org/events/)
- [Inheritance](https://solidity-by-example.org/inheritance/)
- [Payable](https://solidity-by-example.org/payable/)
- [Fallback](https://solidity-by-example.org/fallback/)

📧 Learn the [Solidity globals and units](https://solidity.readthedocs.io/en/v0.8.19/units-and-global-variables.html)

## Support

Join the Celo Discord server at <https://chat.celo.org>. Reach out on the dedicated repo channel [here](https://discord.com/channels/600834479145353243/941003424298856448).

<!-- ROADMAP -->

## Roadmap

See the [open issues](https://github.com/celo-org/celo-composer/issues) for a full list of proposed features (and known issues).

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## Contributing

We welcome contributions from the community.

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>

## License

Distributed under the MIT License. See `LICENSE.txt` for more information.

<!-- CONTACT -->
## Contact

- [@CeloDevs](https://twitter.com/CeloDevs)
- [Discord](https://discord.com/invite/celo)

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>

Commit message:

Vercel instructions added in Readme and CLI

README.md, after:

<!-- TITLE -->
<p align="center">
  <img width="100px" src="https://github.com/celo-org/celo-composer/blob/main/images/readme/celo_isotype.svg" align="center" alt="Celo" />
 <h2 align="center">Celo Composer</h2>
 <p align="center">Build, deploy, and iterate quickly on decentralized applications using Celo.</p>
</p>
  <p align="center">
    <a href="https://github.com/celo-org/celo-composer/graphs/stars">
      <img alt="GitHub Contributors" src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/celo-org/celo-composer?color=FCFF52" />
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/celo-org/celo-composer/graphs/contributors">
      <img alt="GitHub Contributors" src="https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/celo-org/celo-composer?color=E7E3D4" />
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/celo-org/celo-composer/issues">
      <img alt="Issues" src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/celo-org/celo-composer?color=E7E3D4" />
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/celo-org/celo-composer/pulls">
      <img alt="GitHub pull requests" src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/celo-org/celo-composer?color=E7E3D4" />
    </a>
    <a href="https://opensource.org/license/mit/">
      <img alt="MIT License" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg" />
    </a>
  </p>
</p>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

<details>
  <summary>Table of Contents</summary>
  <ol>
    <li>
      <a href="#about-the-project">About The Project</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#built-with">Built With</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#prerequisites">Prerequisites</a></li>
        <li><a href="#installation">Installation</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li><a href="#usage">Usage</a></li>
    <li><a href="#roadmap">Roadmap</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contributing">Contributing</a></li>
    <li><a href="#license">License</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contact">Contact</a></li>
    <li><a href="#acknowledgments">Acknowledgments</a></li>
  </ol>
</details>

<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->

## About The Project

Celo Composer allows you to quickly build, deploy, and iterate on decentralized applications using Celo. It provides a number of frameworks, examples, and Celo specific functionality to help you get started with your next dApp.

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>

## Built With

Celo Composer is built on Celo to make it simple to build dApps using a variety of front-end frameworks, and libraries.

- [Celo](https://celo.org/)
- [Solidity](https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/v0.8.19/)
- [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/)
- [React.js](https://reactjs.org/)
- [viem](https://viem.sh/)
- [Hardhat](https://hardhat.org/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## Prerequisites

- Node (v20 or higher)
- Git (v2.38 or higher)

## How to use Celo Composer

The easiest way to start with Celo Composer is using `@celo/celo-composer`. This CLI tool lets you quickly start building dApps on Celo, including several templates. To get started, just run the following command, and follow the steps:

- Step 1

```bash
npx @celo/celo-composer@latest create
```

- Step 2: Provide the Project Name: You will be prompted to enter the name of your project.

```text
What is your project name: 
```

- Step 3: Choose to Use Hardhat: You will be asked if you want to use Hardhat. Select Yes or No.

```text
Do you want to use Hardhat? (Y/n)
```

- Step 4: Choose to Use a Template: You will be asked if you want to use a template. Select `Yes` or `No`.

```text
Do you want to use a template?
```

- Step 5: Select a Template: If you chose to use a template, you will be prompted to select a template from the list provided.

```text
- Minipay
- Valora
- Social Connect
```

- Step 6: Provide the Project Owner's Name: You will be asked to enter the project owner's name.

```text
Project Owner name:
```

- Step 7: Wait for Project Creation: The CLI will now create the project based on your inputs. This may take a few minutes.

- Step 8: Follow the instructions to start the project. The same will be displayed on the console after the project is created.

```text
🚀 Your starter project has been successfully created!

Before you start the project, please follow these steps:

1. Rename the file:
   packages/react-app/.env.template
   to
   packages/react-app/.env

2. Open the newly renamed .env file and add all the required environment variables.

Once you've done that, you're all set to start your project!

Run the following commands from the packages/react-app folder to start the project:

   yarn install
   yarn dev

If you prefer npm, you can run:

   npm install
   npm run dev

Thank you for using Celo Composer! If you have any questions or need further assistance, please refer to the README or reach out to our team.
```

**_🔥Voila, you have a dApp ready to go. Start building your dApp on Celo._**

### Getting started

Once your custom dApp has been created, just install dependencies, either with `yarn` or `npm i`, and run the respective script from the `package.json` file.

## Supported Frameworks

### React / Nextjs

- Support for Website and Progressive Web Application.
- Works with all major crypto wallets.

Check [nextjs docs](https://nextjs.org/docs) to learn more about it.

### Hardhat

- Robust framework for building and testing smart contracts.
- Compatible with various Ethereum development tools and plugins.

Check [hardhat docs](https://hardhat.org/hardhat-runner/docs/getting-started) to learn more about it.

## Supported Templates

### Minipay

- Pre-built template for creating a mini-payment application.
- Seamless integration with Celo blockchain for handling payments.

Checkout [minipay docs](https://docs.celo.org/developer/build-on-minipay/overview) to learn more about it.

### Valora

- Template designed for Valora wallet integration.
- Facilitates easy wallet connectivity and transaction management.

Checkout [valora docs](https://docs.valora.xyz/) to learn more about it.

## Continuous Deployment

For detailed instructions on deploying the Next.js app using Vercel CLI, refer to the [Deployment Guide](./DEPLOYMENT_GUIDE.md).

<!-- USAGE EXAMPLES -->

## 🔭 Learning Solidity

📕 Read the docs: <https://docs.soliditylang.org>

- [Primitive Data Types](https://solidity-by-example.org/primitives/)
- [Mappings](https://solidity-by-example.org/mapping/)
- [Structs](https://solidity-by-example.org/structs/)
- [Modifiers](https://solidity-by-example.org/function-modifier/)
- [Events](https://solidity-by-example.org/events/)
- [Inheritance](https://solidity-by-example.org/inheritance/)
- [Payable](https://solidity-by-example.org/payable/)
- [Fallback](https://solidity-by-example.org/fallback/)

📧 Learn the [Solidity globals and units](https://solidity.readthedocs.io/en/v0.8.19/units-and-global-variables.html)

## Support

Join the Celo Discord server at <https://chat.celo.org>. Reach out on the dedicated repo channel [here](https://discord.com/channels/600834479145353243/941003424298856448).

<!-- ROADMAP -->

## Roadmap

See the [open issues](https://github.com/celo-org/celo-composer/issues) for a full list of proposed features (and known issues).

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## Contributing

We welcome contributions from the community.

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>

## License

Distributed under the MIT License. See `LICENSE.txt` for more information.

<!-- CONTACT -->
## Contact

- [@CeloDevs](https://twitter.com/CeloDevs)
- [Discord](https://discord.com/invite/celo)

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>
