docs/cli-reference/create-command.mdx, before:

---
title: "`create` Command"
description: "Detailed reference for the `create` command in Celo Composer."
icon: "code"
---

The `create` command is the primary command in Celo Composer. It allows you to generate a new Celo project with a variety of configurations.

## Usage

```bash
npx @celo/celo-composer@latest create [project-name] [options]
```

### Arguments

- **`[project-name]`** (optional): The name of your project. If you don't provide a name here, the CLI will prompt you for one.

### Options

You can use the following flags to customize your project generation. Using any of these flags will bypass the interactive prompts for those options.

| Flag                | Description                                             | Default (if not provided) |
| ------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------- |
| `-d, --description` | A short description for your project.                   | Interactive prompt        |
| `-t, --template`    | The template type (`basic` or `farcaster-miniapp`).     | `basic`                   |
| `--wallet-provider` | The wallet provider (`rainbowkit`, `thirdweb`, `none`). | `rainbowkit`              |
| `-c, --contracts`   | The smart contract framework (`hardhat`).               | `hardhat`                 |
| `--skip-install`    | Skip the automatic installation of dependencies.        | `false`                   |
| `-y, --yes`         | Skip all interactive prompts and use default values.    | `false`                   |

## Examples

### Interactive Mode

Run the command without any flags to enter the interactive mode, where the CLI will guide you through the setup process.

```bash
npx @celo/celo-composer@latest create my-awesome-dapp
```

### Non-Interactive Mode (with flags)

Create a new project with specific configurations by using flags. This is useful for scripting and automation.

```bash
# Create a Farcaster Miniapp with Thirdweb and no smart contracts
npx @celo/celo-composer@latest create my-farcaster-app \
  --template farcaster-miniapp \
  --wallet-provider thirdweb \
  --contracts none
```

### Using the `--yes` Flag

Create a project with all default settings, skipping all prompts.

```bash
npx @celo/celo-composer@latest create my-default-project --yes
```

This will generate a project with the following default configuration:

- **Template**: `basic`
- **Wallet Provider**: `rainbowkit`
- **Contracts**: `hardhat`

Commit message:

docs: add Minipay template documentation and update template references

docs/cli-reference/create-command.mdx, after:

---
title: "`create` Command"
description: "Detailed reference for the `create` command in Celo Composer."
icon: "code"
---

The `create` command is the primary command in Celo Composer. It allows you to generate a new Celo project with a variety of configurations.

## Usage

```bash
npx @celo/celo-composer@latest create [project-name] [options]
```

### Arguments

- **`[project-name]`** (optional): The name of your project. If you don't provide a name here, the CLI will prompt you for one.

### Options

You can use the following flags to customize your project generation. Using any of these flags will bypass the interactive prompts for those options.

| Flag                | Description                                             | Default (if not provided) |
| ------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------- |
| `-d, --description` | A short description for your project.                   | Interactive prompt        |
| `-t, --template`    | The template type (`basic` or `farcaster-miniapp`).     | `basic`                   |
| `--wallet-provider` | The wallet provider (`rainbowkit`, `thirdweb`, `none`). | `rainbowkit`              |
| `-c, --contracts`   | The smart contract framework (`hardhat`).               | `hardhat`                 |
| `--skip-install`    | Skip the automatic installation of dependencies.        | `false`                   |
| `-y, --yes`         | Skip all interactive prompts and use default values.    | `false`                   |

## Examples

### Interactive Mode

Run the command without any flags to enter the interactive mode, where the CLI will guide you through the setup process.

```bash
npx @celo/celo-composer@latest create my-awesome-dapp
```

### Non-Interactive Mode (with flags)

Create a new project with specific configurations by using flags. This is useful for scripting and automation.

```bash
npx @celo/celo-composer@latest create --template minipay
```

This command creates a new project using the Minipay template, which is optimized for integration with the Minipay mobile wallet. It comes with a pre-configured wallet connection and a mobile-first UI.

```bash
npx @celo/celo-composer@latest create my-farcaster-app \
  --template farcaster-miniapp \
  --wallet-provider thirdweb \
  --contracts none
```

### Using the `--yes` Flag

Create a project with all default settings, skipping all prompts.

```bash
npx @celo/celo-composer@latest create my-default-project --yes
```

This will generate a project with the following default configuration:

- **Template**: `basic`
- **Wallet Provider**: `rainbowkit`
- **Contracts**: `hardhat`
